README.md, before:


<h1><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/app-icons/989250144895655966/532b4d9f51941774f944acddae564c18.png?size=64"> pugBot - <a href="https://tf.oog.pw">tf.oog.pw</a></h1>




A discord bot for easily running Team Fortress 2 pick-up-games. Currently has 600 unique players registered in it's database, with around 700 unique logged games played.

## Features ##
- Integrates with the [na.serveme.tf](https://na.serveme.tf/) API to easily reserve a server with a single command
- Map and config changing automatically with one command
- Allow multiple people to control one na.serveme.tf reservation
- Connects to a MongoDB database to store player and server data and stats
- Keeps track of first 18 players added up for a game
- Integrates with the [tf.oog.pw](https://tf.oog.pw/) website to link players discord and steam accounts
  - Allows for automatic skill/division detection
  - Allows for stat collection for each player
- Automatic alt/banned player detection on new registration
- Moves players back after a game has finished

Commit message:

Add invite link to readme

README.md, after:


<h1><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/app-icons/989250144895655966/532b4d9f51941774f944acddae564c18.png?size=64"> pugBot - <a href="https://tf.oog.pw">tf.oog.pw</a></h1>




A discord bot for easily running Team Fortress 2 pick-up-games. Currently has 600 unique players registered in it's database, with around 700 unique logged games played.

Invite the bot to your own server [here.]([https://twitter.com/ZainNaghmi/status/1670691122342133760?s=20](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=989250144895655966&permissions=2147773440&scope=bot))

## Features ##
- Integrates with the [na.serveme.tf](https://na.serveme.tf/) API to easily reserve a server with a single command
- Map and config changing automatically with one command
- Allow multiple people to control one na.serveme.tf reservation
- Connects to a MongoDB database to store player and server data and stats
- Keeps track of first 18 players added up for a game
- Integrates with the [tf.oog.pw](https://tf.oog.pw/) website to link players discord and steam accounts
  - Allows for automatic skill/division detection
  - Allows for stat collection for each player
- Automatic alt/banned player detection on new registration
- Moves players back after a game has finished
